# Biweekly Documentation (Week 37 and 38) - Delivered to Teacher.

## What was accomplished?
- For this first period of the project we decided on the problems we would like to solve. We chose problem 1, 2 and 4.
- We set up the environment in github with all the folders and files we would like to use in our project structure. We had a meeting where we went through how we should work in github in terms of making branches when writing/editing code, making pull requests, and other elementary functionalities. We created a structure for issues, we created a kanban board for visualizing where in the process we are with our issues, we set up the code environment with a clear structure.
- We started with problem 2, where we made classes and methods we would like to use for solving our problem. We added tickers, we calculated the monthly returns, and we calculated the covariance matrix.

## What's going to happen?
- We would like to complete problem 2.
  - Implement the evolutionary algorithms described in the problem.
  - Do the steps of the experimental setup.
  - Finish the data collection and analysis points.
  - Write the report for this specific problem.
- We want to begin with problem 1.
  - Pick five road segments and download them.
  - Identify and preprocess the relevant data

## What should have been done better?
- We should have had a workshop on the environment setup. We experienced some struggles with setting up the environment for problem 2 on each of the group members' computer, resulting in unnecessary time lost.
