# Biweekly Documentation (Week 43 and 44) - Delivered to Teacher.

## What was accomplished?
- Problem 2
  - We have continued to write the report for the portfolio - focusing on the part for problem 2.
- Problem 3
  - We are finished implementing the ACO algorithm.
  - We have started implementing the PSO algorithm.
- Problem 4
  - We are finished implementing the algoruthms.
  - We have started to write the report for the portfolio - focusing on the part for problem 4.

## What group members have done?
- Sean
  - Finished implemeting the algorithms for problem 4.
  - Started to write the documentation for problem 4.
- Kristoffer
  - Finished implementing the ACO algorithm for problem 3.
  - Started implementing the PSO algorithm for problem 3.
- Hanan
  - Continued writing the report.

## What's going to happen
Since we are approaching the last two weeks before the due, we will spend the rest of the time finalizing everything required for the portfolio.

- Problem 2
  - Finish the report for problem 2.
- Problem 3
  - We will finish implementing the PSO algorithm.
  - We will compare and analyze the algorithms.
  - We will start writing the report for this problem.
 - Problem 4
  - Finish the report for problem 4.


## What should have been done better?
- We have been focusing too much on implementing the best possible algorithms, spending a lot of time on this.
  - We should have started implementing simple algorithms that work and fulfill the requirements - and then focus on improving the algorithms as much as possible.
