# Biweekly Documentation (Week 41 and 42) - Delivered to Teacher.

## What was accomplished?
- Problem 2
  - We have finished the implementation for all of the algorithms in problem 2.
  - We started to write the report for the portfolio - focusing on the part for problem 2.
- Problem 3
  - We changed from solving problem 1 to solving problem 3.
  - We have almost finished implementing the ACO algorithm.
- Problem 4
  - We are almost finished with the Q-learning algorithm.
    - We completed task 1-4, and we started with task 5.

## What group members have done?
- Sean
  - Implemented ACO for problem 3.
  - Implemented Q-learning for problem 4.
  - Started to look into the optimization part of problem 4.
- Kristoffer
  - Finalized algorithms and structure of problem 2.
- Hanan
  - Started on the report.
  - Understanding the code implementation for the problems.

## What's going to happen
- Problem 2
  - We still want to make some minor changes to make sure the algorithms behave like we want, but it depends on how much time have left after solving the other problems.
  - We want to do some more work on the viasulization part of the problem.
- Problem 3
  - We will finish the ACO algorithm.
  - We will implement the PSO algorithm.
  - We will compare and analyze the algorithms.
  - We will start writing the report for this problem.
 - Problem 4
   - We will do the optimization for the algorithms.
   - We will start writing the reoprt for this problem


## What should have been done better?
- We should have divided the group earlier, focusing on different tasks to save time.
- If we get stuck with a task/problem, we should ask each other for help earlier.
